## Changes

### New features

<ul>
    <li><strong>Radio stations & Genres:</strong> Radio stations now can have genres. When the genre page is visited, the radio stations with the same genre will show up their along side the songs.</li>
    <li><strong>New search methods:</strong> Inculded TNTSearch and Algolia as search options</li>
</ul>


### Improvements

<ul>
    <li>Artist podcasts now will show on his page/profile.</li>
    <li>Removed Listen Notes API partially.</li>
</ul>


### Bug fixes

<ul>
<li><strong>Song download:</strong> Fixed an issue with the download feature functionalities.</li>
<li><strong>Wasabi Connection:</strong> Fixed an issue that was occuring when trying to connect to Wasabi storage API.</li>
<li><strong>Artist Storage: </strong> Fixing an issue related to affecting storage space for artists.</li>
</ul>



## How to update

<strong>PS: make sure you have have version 3.5</strong>

### 1. Replace the following files

<div class="alert"> Please carfully replace the files as following, do not replace the entire public directory since it might include your storage files. </div>

    app
    routes
    resources
    vendor
    database
    config
    public/js
    public/css
    public/service-worker.js
    public/mix-manifest.json


### 2. visit the URL <strong>[YOUR DOMAIN]/update/3.6</strong>

If you get "UPDATED SUCCESSFULLY", you should be good to go!

If you face any issues, please contact us.

<style>
.alert {
    position: relative;
    padding: 0.75rem 1.25rem;
    margin-bottom: 1rem;
    margin-top: 1rem;
    color: white;
    border: 1px solid transparent;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
    background-color: #D0342C ;
    border-color: #D0342C ;
}
</style>
